Add contributing guides and improve documentation (#1711)
openpgpjs/openpgpjs: CONTRIBUTING.md

7. If you added or changed a feature, make sure to document it accordingly in the [README.md](https://github.com/openpgpjs/openpgpjs/blob/main/README.md) file.

## Coding conventions

We ensure code consistency through our [ESLint config](https://github.com/openpgpjs/openpgpjs/blob/main/.eslintrc.js). You can run `npm run lint` to lint your changes. When in doubt, follow the style of the surrounding code.

## Commit conventions

We follow the seven rules of a great Git commit message, which is extensively described in [this blog post](https://cbea.ms/git-commit/), but in short the principles are:

1. Separate subject from body with a blank line
2. Limit the subject line to 50 characters
3. Capitalize the subject line
4. Do not end the subject line with a period
5. Use the imperative mood in the subject line
6. Wrap the body at 72 characters
7. Use the body to explain what and why vs. how

You can also take a look at our [main branch commits](https://github.com/openpgpjs/openpgpjs/commits/main).

## Testing

> We have multiple types of tests. They are located in the root [`/test`](https://github.com/openpgpjs/openpgpjs/tree/main/test) folder.

Reviewer: I think they are referring to there being benchmark tests (memory & time), the TS ones, and the to-be-merged fuzzing ones. IMO the original version makes sense.

> We have multiple types of tests. They are located in the root [`/test`](https://github.com/openpgpjs/openpgpjs/tree/main/test) folder.

Reviewer 2: The following two subheaders are "Unit Tests" and "Browser Tests", so this sentence makes it sound like those are different types of tests, which is not the case.

> Before you can run the tests you need to build the project using `npm run build` and this will bundle the project and the tests for it be used in our different testing environments.

Reviewer: To simplify things, IMO it's fine to leave the redundant suggestion to re-run `npm run build`. Then also add `npm run build-test`. That would should all cases?

> Before you can run the tests you need to build the project using `npm run build` and this will bundle the project and the tests for it be used in our different testing environments.

Reviewer 2: `npm run build-test` is part of `npm run browsertest`, so shouldn't be necessary. `npm run build` can be useful to run after making changes (and before running the tests), but then I'd rather say that, e.g.:

```suggestion
Before running the tests, run `npm run build` to build OpenPGP.js if you've made changes since running `npm install`.
```

> Before you can run the tests you need to build the project using `npm run build` and this will bundle the project and the tests for it be used in our different testing environments.

Reviewer: > `npm run build-test` is part of `npm run browsertest`

but it's not part of `npm run test-browser` and `-browserstack`. I just think it's less confusing to present a consistent procedure; it doesn't have side-effects anyway.

**Unit Tests:**
Unit tests are handled by mocha and run inside node, you can run them using this command:

```sh
npm run test
```

**Browser Tests:**
For debugging browser errors, you can run `npm start` and open [`http://localhost:8080/test/unittests.html`](http://localhost:8080/test/unittests.html) in a browser, or run one the following commands:

This will run the tests inside a browser environment:

```sh
   npm run browsertest
```

You can run the tests for multiple headless browsers using KarmaJs:

` npm run test-browser`

If you wanna start the tests using KarmaJs and BrowserStack:
`npm run test-browserstack`

> **_NOTE_**: You need to configure you env with `BROWSER_STACK_ACCESS_KEY` and `BROWSERSTACK_USERNAME` to be able to run the BrowserStack tests.

Reviewer: I would spell out the various options tbh, it's good to have a reference.

Running the tests with Karma (`npm run test-browser`) is considerably faster than using `browsertest`, and automatically targets multiple browsers.
Similarly, it can be useful to trigger the BrowserStack tests locally for debugging -- I wouldn't implicitly encourage using the CI for that.

**Performance:** 
To avoid performance regressions, we measure time and memory usage with the following testing suites (in `/benchmarks`):

```sh
npm run benchmark-time
npm run benchmark-memory-usage

> ```

Reviewer: As mentioned above, I think it makes sense to add documentation about all the types of tests we have. So instead of removing this info, I'd explicitly write that this one is run in the CI, where it also compares the performance to the main branch 👍

> **Typescript definitions**
> 
> ```sh
> npm run test-type-definitions
> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Typescript definitions**

When changing TypeScript definitions, update [the definitions.ts test file](https://github.com/openpgpjs/openpgpjs/blob/main/test/typescript/definitions.ts) accordingly.

Then, run `npm run test-type-definitions` to verify that it still type-checks. (This is also automatically done for every PR.)
```
